How did you get in, old thing?
Do you still use my identity?
Of course I walked in above board.
What am I saying?
This dinner was organized by Huacan Group
It's all top celebrities
What qualifications do you have to enter?
It seems that you know a lot about tonight's dinner party
Did you know
What is the purpose of this dinner party?
I heard there was dinner tonight
The rumored chairperson of Huacan Group
Come again in person
Announce the identity of the heir to everyone
This Huacan Group was personally visited by Mr. Lu
No one has seen the chairperson
No one has ever seen their heir
You don't even know what this dinner party is for
Diesel lotus drove us away
Now I already know
This dinner
It is the chairperson of Huacan Group who brings the succession
Chengren visit
You two are doomed, aren't you?
Don't you know?
Your good grandson keeps saying every day
The chairperson of Huacan Group is you
And he said it was because we offended you.
It also put our Jiang family on the verge of bankruptcy
now
The chairperson of Huacan Group is coming soon
Are you dead for impersonating him?